Wrap docs (#1)
cbrzn/account-abstraction-wrapper: wraps/account-abstraction/docs/readme.md

# Safe AA Wrap

The Safe AA Wrap is an implementation of the [Safe{Core} Account Abstraction SDK](https://docs.safe.global/learn/safe-core/safe-core-account-abstraction-sdk) in the form of a Polywrap wrap.

As with any wrap, you can use the Safe AA Wrap within any environment where you can use the [Polywrap Client](https://docs.polywrap.io/clients).

## Configuration

> The AA Wrap requires you to set your wallet's private key and the Ethereum RPC URL in order to be able to deploy your Safe contract and call its functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AA Wrap allows you to pass a signer (through browser or with private key) in order to be able to deploy your Safe contract and call its functions.
```

```javascript
const addressResult = await client.invoke({
  uri: "wrap://ens/aa.safe.wraps.eth:core@0.1.0",
  method: "getSafeAddress",
  args: {
    config: {
      saltNonce: "0x258802387238728372837283771" // Replace this with your own salt nonce
    }
  }
});
```

### Relay Sponsored Transaction

Let's assume we have a smart contract with a `store(uint256 num)` function deployed to the address `0x56535D1162011E54aa2F6B003d02Db171c17e41e`.
If we want to, for example, invoke this function, we first need to encode it using our [Ethers Utils Wrap](https://github.com/polywrap/ethers):

```javascript
const encodeResult = await client.invoke({
  uri: "wrap://ens/ethers.wraps.eth:utils@0.1.0",
  method: "encodeFunction",
  args: {
    method: "function store(uint256 num) public",
    args: [
      "14"
    ]
  }
});
```

The Account Abstraction Wrapper's `relayTransaction` method allows you to make a gasless transaction by performing the following steps:
1. It checks whether there's a deployed Safe contract on your predicted address.
2. It deploys a Safe contract to the predicted address if there isn't one.

> 3. It executes the gasless (sponsored) transaction using the Gelato Relay.

Reviewer: actually it allows to do sponsored transactions or user can pay it with erc20 https://docs.gelato.network/developer-services/relay/non-erc-2771/callwithsyncfee

```javascript
await client.invoke({
  uri: "wrap://ens/aa.safe.wraps.eth:core@0.1.0",
  method: "relayTransaction",
  args: {
    transaction: {
      to: "0x56535D1162011E54aa2F6B003d02Db171c17e41e", // Address of the contract you're invoking
      value: "0",
      data: encodeResult.data, // Invocation data.
      operation: "0"
    },
    options: {
      gasLimit: "300000",
      isSponsored: true
    },
    config: {
      // Replace this with your own salt nonce. This is used to deploy your safe contract if there is none.

>       saltNonce: "0x258802387238728372837283771"

Reviewer: nit: salt nonce does not need to be defined, if it is not sent, the wrapper will take `Date.now()` as salt (and as hex)

Author: Added to comments
